---
date: '2008-01-08 16:39:45'
layout: post
slug: '2008'
title: '2008'
categories:
- meta
- thoughts
---

Howdy folks and welcome to 2008. This place has been a virtual ghost town for most of the last 16 months. Essentially since I started working full time in August 2006, I've been in that world and neglected this one despite the fact that, on most levels, they tend to be similar.

I have thought numerous times about closing down my blog and simply redirecting you to my [Twitter page](http://twitter.com/robknight). I've spent most of the last year posting my thoughts in the form of 140 character "Tweets". Fun to look back on, but not the same as blogging.

I miss writing. 2008 finds us in an presidential election year. It was [4 years ago that I started blogging](http://robknight.net/2004/09/23/in-the-hands-of-the-enemy/) (Not my first post, but the oldest I have). I had been sending my thoughts on the 2004 election via email to friends and family. After losing a couple of friends to my political rants (I'm pretty sure they were on their way out anyway, maybe I just gave them a push), I decided to just let people read at their discretion by blogging instead.

So this marks my 4th year of publishing my thoughts. I spent some time over the holidays thinking about this site and my presence on the web in general, which has [drastically increased](http://claimid.com/robknight) over the last 12 months or so. I have more thoughts on that I'll save for another post. Needless to say, I've got some goals for this site in 2008 and what better way to get going on them than to state them here so I can hold myself to them in 12 months.

## 2008 Goals for This Site

- I will be redesigning this site. Adding some things, subtracting some things (like the banner, ick).  
- Add video. I've done plenty of video work and I plan to bring it here.
- Add audio. Can you see a theme? You may not know this, but I am 1/2 (the other half being my favorite new dad, [Rick Corbal](http://corbalfamily.com)) of the rock/folk/metal/acoustic band Massive Shovels. We have a decent sized catalog of quite awful songs that I'd like to share with you.
- Add my resume and professional portfolio. I've been fortunate enough to develop web sites professionally for 16 months and I'd like to share what I've done and what I'm doing.

So, you can see this site will continue to be about me. After all, it is named after me. It's just that I've become quite spread out on the web amongst social networking sites, photo sharing sites, video sharing sites, and everything else in between. I'd like to maintain one spot that exists to help you find all the others should you so choose. Additionally, **I've set a writing goal of 50 posts**. This, of-course, pales in comparison to the writing volume of my [favorite blogger in the whole world](http://kaleandwine.livejournal.com). But I wouldn't even try to take her out.

I'm looking to jump on some of these goals soon. I'll see you soon with a rant or two. It is an election year and I get all excited and mouthy every 4 years (some would argue I get mouthy every 4 minutes).
