---
layout: post
title: To my white male Facebook friends
category: links
link: http://www.salon.com/2014/12/09/to_my_white_male_facebook_friends/
--- 

> Your friends, community, neighbors, co-workers of color come to you and say, "I am harassed, threatened, terrorized on the street by police officers. I am experiencing systemic inequality on a daily basis. I live in constant fear that myself, my brother, my son, will be unfairly convicted of a crime, or shot on the street, simply because of what we look like."
>
> And you say, "That is impossible. Racism has been conquered. We have a black president. Everyone lives an equal life here."
>
> And you walk away, convinced that this person is wrong. You have abandoned them, because you are not taking their report as possibly accurate.
>
> My question to you is: In any of these cases, have you done your best?

Since August 9 of this year, I have discovered the depth of my own ignorance about privilege. It has been humbling and difficult; because stepping outside of the world you *think* exists long enough to see the world as it actually is not easy. I have made it a point to listen and avoid rationalizing away the suffering of others. This is not an issue of cops versus people of color. It is not an either/or discussion of whether or not you support law enforcement.

It is a discussion about equality. It is about fairness. It is about respect. You say, "not all cops" are bad. But the problem is, *enough* cops are. And you have seen them. You have seen them on video. Bad cops. Killing Americans.

I'm not sure how I can help. But I think a good start is to listen and call attention to the people who are out there fighting for equality.