---
layout: post
date: '2020-07-16T05:46:58.513Z'
title: Facebook
mf-post-status:
  - draft
slug: facebook
---
I&#39;m leaving Facebook for the month of February. Well, after the 2nd of February anyway. It&#39;s been on my mind for quite some time that I need to take a break and I thought it would be a great time to elaborate on why.

Sometime around late-August of 2012, I signed up for and installed [Rescue Time][1]. Rescue Time is an online service and accompanying background application that tracks what you do on your computer. Basically, it sits in the background and records what applications you are using and what website you go to. At the end of each week, Rescue Time sends you a summary of what you did and how productive you were. This is a very general thing. It makes the decision based on its own classification of the websites you visited and the applications you used. You can tune it to be more accurate about what you are doing, which is handy. For instance, by default, it tells you using Gmail is unproductive time. But at my work, it is required and definitely not unproductive. If I&#39;m in Gmail, I&#39;m working. So I adjusted RescueTime to reflect that.

After receiving just a couple of these weekly reports, I realized I might need to think about making some changes in my life. On average, I spend 4 hours of my work week on Facebook. Yes, 4 hours. Of the work week. On Facebook.

That is A LOT of time. And that doesn&#39;t include the times I use Facebook from my phone. 

Additionally, *after* tuning RescueTime for my workday tasks, I still top out at 64% productivity throughout the work week. This is a more palatable reality for me. Generally, I&#39;m an easily distracted person and I need to get up and move around every 25-30 minutes or I get quite antsy.

- 4 hours is too much time for me to be on Facebook, where I&#39;m just consuming and being stupid.
- I want that time back. 
- I&#39;m thinking about Facebook even when I&#39;m not on Facebook.
- Cognitive overload and removing clutter from my mind so I can do other things.
- Not a judgement on others&#39; use of Facebook. In fact, I love Facebook. I&#39;ve just made a personal decision that I want to spend that 4 hours doing something else.

[1]:	http://www.rescuetime.com
