---
layout: micropubpost
date: '2020-06-30T21:17:23.518Z'
title: Change
mf-post-status:
  - draft
slug: change
---
# Change

Our interactions with others come down to how we make them feel about themselves. If someone doesn&#39;t like how they feel when you are around, you can&#39;t change that. Even if you made them feel good in the past, that is no longer something you can change. Being able to be at peace with that is probably one of this biggest challenges in life.

Just like so many other times I&#39;ve written this in the last year, I can&#39;t change the past and I can&#39;t change the way anyone feels when they are around me. I can only be me and hope that is enough for those I love. These are indelible truths in life. Realities that no one has control over. And yet, they are also the most difficult to accept. In a lot of ways, it is akin to accepting our own mortality. Mortality is the elemental aspect of life (strangely enough) that we have no control over. 

A few weeks ago, I was listening to “Back to Work,” a podcast with Merlin Mann and Dan Benjamin. Merlin was reciting a Buddhist parable about how all of your troubles in life are like water flowing down a river. Merlin stopped and said, “What people don’t realize is that *everything* is a river.”

Everything is a river. 

I think that is the basis for this entire post. I cannot change how anyone feels about me by thinking about interactions that have already passed. Everything is a river. Yesterday is now gone. So, the most important question is, did I enjoy it? And if I didn’t, why? Am I enjoying today? What can I do to make sure I will answer yes if I ask myself the same question tomorrow?


